Welcome to Control.
Control is how we use the steering,
throttle, and breaks to move a car where we want it to go.
Our friend, Andrew Gray from Uber Advanced Technology Group,
wrote his PhD dissertation on control theory.
Control's a trickier problem than it might seem.
When human turns through an intersection,
we use our intuition and experience to determine how hard to steer,
and when to accelerate,
and whether we ever need to step on the brakes.
Teaching a computer how to do this is hard.
Control algorithms are often called controllers,
and one of the most common and fundamental controllers is the PID controller.
In this lesson, you'll learn from Sebastian how to implement a PID controller in Python.
Then, you'll dive into the Udacity simulator to implement a PID controller in C++.